---
title: "Privacy Policy"
bg: green
color: white
fa-icon: asterisk
---

We recognize and respect that your privacy is very important. We are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information you provide us through our Services.

This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose information about you when you use our mobile application (the “App”), our website (the “Site”) and other online products and services that link to this privacy policy (collectively, the “Service”). This privacy policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. The terms “we”, “us”, “our” and “Mindman” refer to Mindman, Inc. By using the Service, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.

We may change this privacy policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date on this policy and, in some cases, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the privacy policy periodically to stay informed about our practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.

# INFORMATION COLLECTION
We collect and store information in connection with your use of the Service.

We use the information to fulfill your requests, provide the Service’s functionality, improve the Service’s quality, personalize your experience, analyze how the Service is used, diagnose service or technical problems, provide feedback to businesses that are listed on the Site and/or App, display relevant advertising, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems, maintain and/or enhance the security of the Service, comply with legal obligations, and monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.

### Information You Provide Us

We collect information you directly give us. For example, we collect information relating to your:

Communications: When you fill out a form, give feedback, ideas or submissions about the Service, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your email address and any other information you choose to provide.

### Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Service

When you access or use our Service, we automatically collect certain information about you. These types of information we consider to be non-personal information and include:

Log Information: We log information about your use of the Service, including the type of device you use, the date and time of your visit, the pages you have viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to our Site. We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results.

Browser Information: We collection information about the browser type you use to access our Site, the type of computer, the browser language, your IP address, and requested and referring URLs.

Device Information: We collect information about the mobile device you use to access our Service, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.

Unless otherwise noted, all automatically collected data is used for analytic purposes, fraud/abuse detection, and product improvement purposes. Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, Mindman only uses automatically collected data in aggregate form. We may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our Service, so that our partners may also understand how often people use their services and our Service.

### Information We Do Not Collect

Mindman’s App does not require user accounts and, as such, we do not require names, emails, addresses or other related personal information to use the Service. We also do not collect information from your mobile address book or contact lists.

# INFORMATION USE
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:

Provide, deliver, maintain, test and improve our Service; Send you technical notices, updates, confirmations, security alerts and support and administrative messages; Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by Mindman; Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Service and improve and personalize the Service; Detect, investigate and prevent any suspected breaches of our Terms of Service;

We may also use aggregated, anonymized, and other non-personally identifiable information for research and marketing purposes.

Mindman is based in the United States, and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. These laws may differ with the country in which you reside. By accessing or using the Service or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.

# SHARING OF INFORMATION
Mindman does not share your information with any other entity.

# DATA RETENTION
We will retain user provided data for as long as you use the Service. We do not want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don’t need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer. Please note that some or all of user provided data may be required in order for the Service to function properly.

# CHILDREN
The Service is intended for general audiences. Mindman does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.

# KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We follow generally accepted industry standards to preserve the integrity and security of any personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches; accordingly, you acknowledge that you transmit information to and from our Service at your own risk. If we learn of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on the Site and/or App.

# YOUR CHOICES
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case Mindman may not be able to provide certain features to you.

# Cookies

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the Service.

# CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Mindman may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in Mindman's sole discretion. Mindman encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Your continued use of the Service after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

If you have any questions about our practices or this privacy policy, please contact us at inthemoney@mindman.us.

### Recent updates to this Privacy Policy
May 25, 2020: Initial policy posted
